Create jekyll.yml (#948)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: README.md

Our knowledge about our different programs, our community, etc is managed via this repository, [CiviCRM](https://civicrm.org/), and documents stored in Google Drive. It is then added to the website as explained in our [Knowledge Management System documentation](https://we-are-ols.org/knowledge_management.html)

## **Deploy Preview for Pull Requests**  

This repository uses GitHub Actions to generate a **preview deployment** of pull requests. 
This allows contributors to see changes live before merging them into the `main` branch.  

### **How It Works**  
1. When a pull request is created against `main`, the GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/deploy-preview.yml`) runs automatically.  
2. The workflow:  
   - Checks out the repository code.  
   - Sets up Ruby and installs dependencies.  
   - Builds the Jekyll site.  
   - Deploys the built site to a separate repository (`ols-site-preview`) on the `gh-pages` branch.  
   - Comments on the pull request with a preview link in the format:  
     ```

>      🎉 A preview of this PR is available at: https://open-life-science.github.io/<PR_NUMBER>

Reviewer: Little bit confused - are we deploying to this URL, or to `we-are-ols.org/ols-site-preview`?

Author: That's exactly right. 💯 

Sorry for the confusion! I'll update `deploy.yaml` and the `READme.md` with the right link (http://we-are-ols.org/ols-site-preview).

Author: Updated - thanks, Yo!

>      🎉 A preview of this PR is available at: https://open-life-science.github.io/<PR_NUMBER>

Author: ```suggestion
     🎉 A preview of this PR is available at: https://we-are-ols.org/ols-site-preview
```
